hello hi howdy
i'm testing this out
because dude is starting `Python`
and it's confusing
but it's okay

I AM A GIT MASTER!!
===================
(if this works, Steph just bolded this^)

I think I remember Andrew using Sublime on his computer
because of the scroll thingy at the right side of the editor
except there were more colors
which made it pretty
but mine isn't because it's all white :(
fix me!

the end.

HERE ARE MORE REVISIONS
=======================
I just made an appt with a gyno heh
_gross_
but whatever, necessary problems, yah?
that way I can be preg
and you will swell.
This is work-appropriate conversations, yah?

THIRD REVISIONS
===============
what is a *branch?*
and how do we do that?

SHANES ANSWER
=============
A branch is a duplicate of the repository, and you can make new commits to it without changing the original. 
Right now we are working on the main branch, called 'master'. If we create a new branch, it will copy what we 
have at the moment, and switch us to the other branch. We can work as much as we want in the other branch, and
master won't change at all. We can always switch between the two branches to see the difference between them.
Try making a new branch, name it whatever you like, and see what happens! Note that when you make commits, you
have to specify whether you are committing to 'master' or your branch.

Also the reason you don't have pretty colors is because this is a plain text file, so 
there isn't any syntax highlighting. If this was code, you'd see plenty of fun colors. Like with Python, remember?

*edit* I added some simple changes that should let this file be interpreted as Markdown. Markdown is a simple 
formatting language that's basically plain text. But now if you open this file in Sublime, hopefully you 
should see a few colors. Tell me if it works!

I'm testing this out from branch_steph!
marco POLO

HIGH ON THE HILLS WAS A LONELY GOAT HERD
LAAYOODLELAYYOODLELAYHEEEEEHOOOOOOO